## v11.46 - THE BEAT TO REACT WAS A FLOOR, NOT A BEAT

Closes the STILL OPEN line "THE BEAT TO REACT IS A FLOOR, NOT A BEAT", his
2026-08-26 note. Building the line-of-sight harness that line asked for turned
up TWO layers, and the earlier measurement had run them together.

THE DESIGN LAYER, not a bug. A pillager in extract fires only while he is
standing INSIDE the extraction ring: the fire block sits inside the ring
branch, by design since v2.93 and v8.22 ("he returns fire now WITHOUT leaving
extract"). A man still walking to the ring does not shoot, he leaves. So the
earlier "parked 200 units away, never fires" was mostly this, not the floor.

THE BUG. Inside the ring, with you in sight, he should return fire after one
beat and never could. The line meant to give him that beat,
`if(e.kind==="raider"&&e.state!=="chase") e.cd=Math.max(e.cd,e.react||0.5);`,
ran on EVERY frame he could see you outside chase, re-flooring his cooldown to
about 0.5 s each time, and his ring fire gate needs sight, cd at or below zero
and an acquisition timer past raiderReact (0.34 s) at once. cd never reached
zero.

THE FIX. An edge trigger: floor once per acquisition on a per-pillager flag,
re-armed only after a full second without sight, so a one-frame blink does not
hand him a fresh beat and a man who truly loses you and finds you again still
gets one.

THE HARNESS, and every wrong turn it took, because each one is a rule. Off the
map the game's sight test is false at any distance. On the map at 150 units the
ring geometry blocks the line. Turned away at 60 units he STILL sees you,
peripheral sight reaching ambient range (100), so facing away is not a control.
A DOWNED player is not a control either: updatePlayer stands a full-health
downed man straight back up, and he fired 13 rounds at one, which is how I
found that out. Counting rounds by proximity to him was wrong twice over: the
sentry by the ring and the player himself both put rounds within reach of him,
and my first "proof" (rounds after five seconds) was the bot player's own fire.
Rounds are his by the bullet's owner field, never by distance. And __rawStep
is the wrong stepper for a stationary pair: it runs the bot, whose sidestep
swings the player to the edge of the 0.8 rad cone every frame, so sight
flickered and acquisition never accumulated the three consecutive frames the
0.34 s gate needs; __sim runs the player with no input, and he stands still.
The seat that works: pillager at the ring centre, player 60 units west and
inside the ring so the line never crosses the pylon edge, facing, hostile,
extract, cooldown clear, beat unarmed, both re-pinned every step, the beacon
call and the rival feud pinned off (either pulls him OUT of the ring block),
sight asserted through the game's own canSee, and the seat SKIPs if he is not
in the ring or cannot see. The negative control is the same seat with the
acquisition gate pinned shut, raiderReact 99, which the game cannot undo.

MEASURED. On this build: acquisition climbs steadily (0.15, 0.30, 0.45 ...),
cooldown decays 0.44, 0.29, 0.14, below zero, and he fires 28 rounds of his own
in nine seconds, the FIRST at step 4, 0.6 s: one beat, then fire. Gate pinned
shut, same seat, same sight (acquisition to 9 s), 0 rounds, so the rounds pass
through the gate and not round it. On the v11.45 fixture, the same sight and
the same acquisition (9 s), but cooldown reads 0.44 on every frame and he fires
0. Check 11.46 requires at least one round of his own from the sighted man,
none with the gate shut, and that the shut-gate seat still had sight; it fails
on the v11.45 fixture.

Not verified: his own play; the loot state, which the same lines cover but this
seat does not stage; and full-raid pillager balance, which no sim can measure.
