## v15.44 - A PILLAGER WHO SWITCHES GUNS NEVER LEAVES TWO COPIES OF HIS OLD GUN ON HIS BODY

Bodies audit finding (HIGH).

mkRaider puts a copy of the gun in his hands into his pack (r.bag.push('gun_'+wk)), and the death path counts that copy as the
held gun: v8.44 adds the held gun to the body only when no copy of it is already in the pack. raiderUseKit runs for every pillager
every frame and kitT starts unset, so the swap test runs on his first frame. When it found a better gun in the pack it took the new
gun out (splice) and pushed a fresh copy of the old one, so the old gun now sat in the pack twice. Kill him and the body paid both
copies plus the new gun, which the death path adds because its copy was spliced out. Example: a Scav Pistol pillager whose pack
rolled a Compact SMG (the body and locker tables both hold one) swapped at once and died with two Scav Pistols and the SMG, though
he only ever had one pistol. A gun he looted later did the same. Every pillager who swapped paid out one extra gun.

THE BUILD. The verdict's correctedFix. The two lines in the EQUIP block of raiderUseKit become one:
  if(old&&old.id!=='fists'&&e.bag.indexOf('gun_'+old.id)<0) e.bag.push('gun_'+old.id);
Nothing is spliced out any more. The new gun's copy stays in the pack and stands for the gun in his hands, the same way the spawn
copy does, so the death path pays it once, and a man carrying two of the better gun still pays both. When the old gun already has
its copy (every pillager holding the gun he spawned with) nothing moves at all: the copy stays as the gun he put away and the pack
length is what it always was. When the old gun has no copy (an elite, whose gun blessElite hands him after the spawn copy is
pushed) it is pushed as before, so all his guns pay once; that pack is one longer after the swap than it was, because the new
gun's copy is no longer taken out. No player text, no number, no dial and no loot table moved.

Why not keep the splice for the no-copy case, as the first draft of this build did to hold the pack length: an elite carrying two
of the better gun then kept only one copy for two guns and his body paid one Longshot where he had two, and a pillager who had been
revived for the gun in his hands (the copy gone, v9.10) and later swapped lost the new gun from his body. The correctedFix pays
both. What the one extra pack slot touches: the extraction call skips a pillager carrying 5 or more things (and the rnd draws that
send him to investigate), and drawOp fills the pack on his back by length over 7. A no-copy swap is rare: at spawn it needs an elite
whose pack rolled a gun that outranks his blessed one, and only the safe table carries one, which only a medium or heavy rig rolls,
and that pack already holds 5 or more; later it needs an elite, or a pillager revived for the gun in his hands, looting a better
gun. So a seeded draw can move only in a raid where that happens.

What reads the pack and now reads it right: the hire's extraction cut (10 percent of what his pack is worth) and the roster value
stamped when a pillager extracts counted the old gun twice after a swap and the gun in his hands not at all; they now count each
gun he has once, as they already did for a pillager who never swapped.

OLDER CHECKS. One restaged. Check 15.16 stages a plain pillager holding a Scav Pistol with a pack of only an Auto Rifle (no copy of
the pistol) and its control counts every gun in his hands and pack and wants 2. With the correctedFix the rifle's copy stays in the
pack beside the pistol, so that count reads 3 and the check would SKIP from here on. f1544 restages its guns helper to count each
gun kind once, in his hands or his pack: rifle and pistol, 2 on v15.43 and on v15.44, and the friend half of the check is untouched
(an imported friend skips the swap). Check 9.10 (revive pays out, then kill) reads the first gun in his pack and whether the body
repeats it; a pillager holding his spawn gun takes the nothing-moves path, so it reads the same. Check 9.24 only needs the revive to
pay a gun, and the spawn copy is still first in the pack.

MEASURED. Check 15.44 deploys a raid at seed 4242 and stages five pillagers from mkRaider (IDENTITIES[0], simBuild on, so no
profile record is touched), each with a named body tag, full health, no heal queued, kitT 0 and an exact pack: A holds the Scav
Pistol with [gun_pistol, gun_smg]; B the same with a second SMG; C is an elite holding the Marksman Rifle with [gun_pistol,
gun_sniper]; D holds the pistol with [gun_pistol, scrap]; E is the elite of C with [gun_pistol, gun_sniper, gun_sniper].
raiderUseKit runs once on each. Controls: A and B hold the SMG, C and E the Longshot and D still the pistol. Kept on both builds:
the packs of A, B and D did not change length. Then all five are set dead (hp 0, finished, not by the player), made the only
entities, and one updateEnts(0.016) runs the ordinary death path. Controls: all five left a body named for them, and D's body holds
exactly one Scav Pistol (the ruler: the held gun pays once). The finding: A's body must hold one pistol and one SMG (v15.43 gives
two pistols), B's one pistol and two SMGs (v15.43 gives two pistols and one SMG, the case a fix that only skips the push would also
get wrong), C's one pistol, one Marksman Rifle and one Longshot on both builds, and E's one pistol, one Marksman Rifle and two
Longshots (v15.43 gives one Longshot, as would a fix that keeps the splice). So the check fails on v15.43 for the finding's own
reason. The staged bodies are removed, the raid's entities put back, and the raid is abandoned.

Dry run on scratch copies of dark_raiders.html (at 15.39) and mkfixture.ps1: p1540 to p1550 and f1540 to f1550 applied in order,
every anchor a whole line block matching once, the 15.16 restage included. The patched raiderUseKit, the new check entry and the
restaged 15.16 helper parse under JScript. A JScript model of the swap with the v8.44 death rule gave, with the correctedFix: A
pistol + SMG, B pistol + SMG x2, C pistol + dmr + sniper (pack 2 to 3), D pistol, E pistol + dmr + sniper x2 (pack 3 to 4); with
the old swap A and B pistol x2 + SMG and E one sniper; with the first draft's guarded splice E one sniper as well. The 15.16 plain
pillager counts 2 gun kinds on both builds, and 3 by the old every-copy count with the correctedFix.

Not verified: check 15.44 and the restaged check 15.16 have not been run in a browser, and no real raid has been played to a swap
and a kill by hand.
