## v15.45 - A ROUND INTO A PILLAGER YOU DOWNED KEEPS YOUR KILL WHEN HE BLEEDS OUT

Bodies audit finding (MEDIUM).

Down a hostile pillager with your gun and he is marked as yours: the player-round hit branch of updateBullets wrote
en.byPlayer=en.hp<=0, the down in updateEnts leaves the mark alone, and when he bleeds out the death path reads it (if(e.byPlayer))
to count the kill in the run report, tick a pillager kill contract, write the grudge into P.rivals and say the grudge line. Both
revives clear the mark (v11.64 for yours, v13.98 for a crewmate's) precisely because it is meant to carry through the down. But that
same line wrote the mark on every round of yours, killing or not, so one more round into him on the floor that left him breathing
(50 down to 40 or so) set it back to false. He crawls for cover (v10.15), or you turn to deal with his crewmate, and he bleeds out:
no kill, no contract progress, no grudge and no grudge line, where holding fire would have kept all four. Frags (only on a lethal
blast), fists, enemy rounds and lightning only ever write the mark on a killing blow; this line was the one writer that cleared it
without a kill. The death path's own comment says the last hit wins, as the flag was set at the killing blow, and a floor round that
does not finish him is not a killing blow.

THE BUILD. One line in updateBullets, the player-round hit branch right after notoAggress(en):
  if(en.hp<=0) en.byPlayer=true; else if(!en.downed) en.byPlayer=false;
A killing round marks him yours exactly as before. A round into a standing man that does not kill him clears the mark as before
(and a standing man never holds the mark with health left, since only the two revives stand a man back up and both clear it). A
round into a downed man that does not finish him now leaves the mark with whoever downed him: yours stays yours, and a man downed by
a machine, a pillager round or lightning stays not yours. A finishing round on the floor still makes him yours (check 13.38). Only
non-hire pillagers are ever downed, so nothing else reaches the new branch. This is the finding's fix as written; the verdict found
it correct and gave no correctedFix. No player text, no number, no dial, no loot table and no seeded draw moved.

OLDER CHECKS. None needed restaging. Checks 9.91 and 10.04 fire non-lethal rounds into a downed pillager but read only his health
and whether he is still there. Check 13.38 fires a finishing round into a downed man whose mark is false and needs it true, the
same on both builds. Checks 11.64 and 13.98 stage the mark by hand around a revive, and check 9.10 sets it by hand before a kill.
No check reads the kill tally or a grudge after a round on the floor.

MEASURED. Check 15.45 deploys a raid at seed 4242 and finds open ground (no wall within 40, well inside the world) 150 to 900 units
from the landing spot. Each arm stages one hostile mkRaider pillager there as the only entity: IDENTITIES[0] with simBuild on, then
a probe name and a probe rival id no identity carries, one health, no armour, empty pack, no roll, facing the round. A round of
yours in the fire path's shape is pushed 8 units short of him and resolved by updateBullets(0.001); his clock is run out with downT
0.01, updateEnts(0.05) and updateEnts(0.016), and the check reads the change in G.tel.kills.raider and in the probe record's kills.
The profile's contracts are set aside for the check so a credited kill pays nothing.
  A (control): your 19 round downs him (downed, 50 health), he bleeds out, he is gone from the raid, one kill and one grudge. Both
  builds; if not, SKIP.
  B (the finding): your 19 round downs him, a 10 round lands on the floor (spent on him, still down, health lower but above 0:
  controls), he bleeds out and is gone (control). Must be one kill and one grudge. v15.44 gives none of either, so the check fails
  there for the finding's own reason.
  C (kept): a lethal round that was not yours downs him (hp 0 and the mark false, what the enemy bullet path writes), your 10 round
  lands on the floor (controls as in B), he bleeds out and is gone. Must be no kill and no grudge, on both builds, which guards
  against a fix that credits you for any round on the floor.
In finally: bullets and entities put back, the probe bodies removed, the kill tally, hits and elite kills restored, the contracts
put back, the probe rival record deleted and the profile saved, the raid abandoned, then __topClear, __resetCfg and __cleanProfile.

Dry run on scratch copies of dark_raiders.html and mkfixture.ps1 as they stand (15.39 applied): p1540 and f1540 applied, then the
version line, DEVNOW and the newest fixture entry moved to 15.43 to stand in for builds 1541 to 1543, then p1544 and f1544, then
p1545 and f1545, every anchor a whole line matching once. The patched updateBullets and the new check entry both parse in JScript.

Not verified: check 15.45 has not been run in a browser, and no real raid has been played to a down, a round on the floor and a
bleed-out by hand.
